I
Oh Robin calm down okay there's not much
trouble yes there is Batman I know there
is yeah Robin you're waiting for nothing
okay now get your hands off the bat
computer fine hey Batman look at the
back screen oh my god it's the mayor
that's right Batman and Robin and we
have a bit of trouble in Gotham City
what is it the stormtroopers and rebel
troopers are now attacking Gotham City
and they join in together we're gonna
need your supplies to take them down but
I warn you there's a lot of them will be
right there
give it up Batman there's 17 of us and
only one of you make that two not for
long oh my god Rob I always told him not
to say regrettable phrases like that
yeah well I got that bomb chink haha oh
god the only safe place left in the
Batcave I better get that back there
soon
back at the Batcave terminated
terminated terminated in wall according
to the back puter everyone got killed in
the army that's great mr Bruce yeah
the mayor told me that the Joker and
jigsaw have teamed up really yeah I
broke it down and then is my batwing
ready of course great
give me status Alfred what our jigsaw
and Dzhokhar doing they appear to be
robbing some kind of bank sir all right
gotcha Alfred I'll go to the bank
yes now we have all this gold is indeed
oh just in time uh Oh God huh well my
perfect landing actually killed them hmm
hey they killed everyone in the bank and
the gold is right here I know I'm a
billionaire and a superhero at all but I
can't resist a deal like this haha